I am at long last right once.
Is that correct?
Mr. Walsh, you can always get a last.
You're probably right.
A thousand times more than your father.
You are not talking about laughing matters.
If there's a last, I suggest you search because it's so hard to guess you to say that
you didn't actually yell.
Sik of the seabed.
Send them on.
May I?
May I give an answer to that whole string of questions which Mr. Walsh has been throwing
at me.
I suggest that there is no pending questions as that there is nothing that needs an answer.
Unless it's me, those lowly, freaking months, when we had that secretary over there in
just a few years, then nobody would say it's Sik of the seabed.
May I go ahead without a matter, Mr. Cole?
Then I will wait for her now.
Carefully, if there is no question pending.
There is a question to be asked.
Your comment will have 10 minutes of the new question.
He can ask me the question.
You can ask.
Uh, Senator Monter, if you feel so that it's fair for Mr. Walsh to speak.
I was in really good with that.
I consider it fair and I think I'm doing on the fact that I saw no pending questions.
I think some goodnight statements about Sik of the seabed as far as I remember.
And you have a council here and there's a chair and a chair.
There is a different sort of a function to come through.
When these times come, so ask the question.
Mr. Stoney, the information is in the world now denied to the opportunity to stay.
Mr. Chairman, are you fine with that?
Yes, I'm fine with that.
Mr. Walsh, there's no way council wouldn't call up on safe circumstances.
And what they found in the coming years, all get out here.
They may get a laugh.
You know, the ridiculous, he's wasting time trying to do it.
He's trying to get a call from question nine with the judge.
And after this morning, a series of ridiculous questions,
talking about why you wouldn't go to the Pentagon and yell out certain things.
So Mr. Cohn should be able to tell what happened after the documents was received.
Mr. Chairman, Mr. Chairman, Mr. Chairman,
that's an answer to Mr. Walsh's question.
And when they're in bay and have to survive,
Mr. Walsh had even not confirmed about that.
Except whether it happened since the beginning.
You had a council from Mr. Cohn, I think it'd be highly appropriate for you to have him
to ask him what did happen.
Mr. Chairman, every other word that you have,
allows them to have a win.
Mr. Cohn, I think that has been answered every question.
Winfully, there's any human beings that have an answer to it.
Now, Mr. Walsh, how they say is a six and seven question.
And answer these own questions.
And play them to the gale right here, so they'll throw a ball of their own show,
which it isn't just the three series, not only Mr. Chairman,
but we are having fun here, Mr. Walsh,
and it's time for Mr. Cohn to start their coming list.
In the first round, having received the work,
we had a fabric hide, the work of the nation's coming list,
the way that this very moment may be decrieving the death,
the reasons of some people in this very audience in this building.
And with all through the long ridiculous series of questions about second season,
I think Mr. Cohn should have a right to answer the implied questions.
The questions that we've asked you to watch it, Mr. Cohn do,
when we got a resume of an F.D. Eric Walsh,
the show that they were coming in the secret red owl appetite.
And why didn't he go to the door of a present-day gala and year all?
But this is Mr. Cohn,
Mr. Cohn, it's just the inside of an answer, this time.
The evidence we gave his position to be understanding the situation.
If you love something, you would not have anything to do with this.
The other might have been having to do some of the time in the secret room.
I think I have a known point, but I do not think this is going to be good.
If the work of Mr. Cohn, you know what the days of it,
but when you have your time, it's a tough work.
Mr. Cohn, I would just like to say that the every little detail here,
and he asked him, what happened in March?
What happened in April? What happened in May?
Before Mr. Cohn said, and even yesterday, after one word,
a clever little friend here,
playing to the board of the audience,
he thinks it isn't a board of the audience.
The American people in the back,
seen her up for the purpose of playing to the left.
We've been a lot of left here,
but there are other essential aspects of the family.
And I think this young man should be entitled to answer
a series of questions with the rest.
I'll share the questions to have done.
Then come to me, if you see Mr. Cohn,
and may, and you'll enjoy him.
The answer is, the rest is nervous,
but he'll cover up.
He said, he thinks the fact that you had come for the Mr. Cohn
and may ask him the questions,
so let's be insinuating.
Mr. Lowe, there's no answer to this.
And that is what actually did that.
Mr. Cohn, you're going to get the things
whether he said, they're coming up.
He said, no.
Mr. Lowe, you're going to get the things
that might be going to find the bodies over there.
Mr. Cohn, I'll look for another one of them.
I said it.
Then can we have a ruling from the chair now?
The family of the clients in the civil sector
will also provide for all the companies.
The money is really out to express them.
The remaining clients until the list of the conams here.
The chair will do exactly what I do.
The heavy business is after a little bit of life
with the loss of the clients in the right-up point of order.
Each time, each time violates it.
You're wondering, is this your district?
I'm going to take it a few of our friends.
I've given up my time so that we can get through with it.
And instead of playing, you get through with the wealth of friends
who create a district and fill up our city.
But we can think about the television rights
that I don't know.
Period.
The wealth of the internet.
The main thing is I'm trying to get a five-year-older.
Mr. Chairman.
I'm listening to you, Mr. Chairman.
This is quite a solemn moment with me this year.
I'm having a read to the solemnly I say something.
I don't often say a thing on my own behalf.
You may have a peer to the cemetery in this room
and this audience are even on television
with properly armed and really unaware.
As soon as you see a crown or to make a funny joke
or to catch a headline, may I just claim this?
I'm only trying to dramatize the fact
that we had a new secretary of the annual event.
The decidentist room was a communist caterer.
And it seems to me that it would have been simple to have gone over
and got some help.
And this cemetery in time to dramatize
and it seemed to you that I was playing for a laugh.
I beg of you believe me.
I was not.
When do you accept that from me, sir?
You were the one.
I think so.
You should do a profession, man.
No, but he did.
You may have been told to go over to get some help.
Let me move along.
May I answer the women's solemnly as the woman that you call?
We have heard many days ago that there were 130 communists
in defense plans and a letter was written
for the Army saying let's have the names of those.
And I haven't yet heard that they have gone over.
Is it correct that it's not a junior or they have not gone over?
As far as I know, the sendent of McCarthy has offered
both names to be defense the party.
I did under the rules of this committee.
If there has not been an exception for the offer,
that is something which I don't know.
And let's have it, sir, but they just haven't gone over.
It happened.
No, sir.
The entity of Mr. Ruches that the letter I heard of it was
that the sendent of McCarthy has offered the name
and that they have not been an exception to the offer.
I don't know if there is been any change in the situation.
Now let me go back to the memory of them
that I was asking you about on January 14th.
You remember Mr. Cohn that I was just from the point
of asking you whether you strike that out.
You were down in Room 101 when you talked to Latif,
is that right?
You were down in Room 101 when you talked to Latif.
Other time, and there's a synonymous with that.
And there's a synonymous with that.
I don't think that there were synonymous with that time, sir.
I'm not sure.
You've even written there's a synonymous?
No, it isn't.
There was an arrangement made by a change made by Mr. Cohn.
I'm trying to think about the beginning of the satellite.
Under which he moved the synonymous with his oven
to Room 101, which was formed with an occupied by staff members.
And he moved from staff members within in 101
and so another room.
In any event you went up to say this and indicated this memory
of Mr. Cohn that was that right?
I think that was fair, just a...
And I think that's the memory of Mr. Cohn that was that.
And when you got out to him, I also asked him the conversation
that he was convicted.
How many ideas there was...
I know that I went up to say, kind of, I'm a thought the end.
He wasn't there.
And I just indicated it.
Don't you ever...
I've never indicated anything down in Room 101.
On the first floor?
I just had to say something.
That's not fair.
No, not fair.
Was there anything peculiarly secret about this?
About this?
No, I didn't say it.
I didn't say it.
Anywhere I'm peculiarly off, it was, like, you brought three flights
with you there, indicated to someone when you got to know him.
I thought that it was a secret.
How much?
Did you fly?
Did you...
Did you authenticate it as you heard Adam talk about it?
I think that is much.
No.
And you made up your mind later?
Did they get it?
I think I had them with the world.
No, no, thanks.
You made up your mind later.
I didn't know if I'm here for my mind.
I went up to see if I had them talking and talking and talking to something.
When he wasn't there, I left him at the memory end and with the secretary.
They didn't wear this while I wanted them to know.
And this is that memory end?
Yes, they did.
You indicated it to her.
Is that right?
Yes, I did.
I don't think I am a third after that.
Not until March 11 or the air of Oxford, did you leave them there?
My father started around that time.
I don't care.
I don't think I started.
I haven't been divorced for a while.
You were lying to me.
I was a little bit scared.
You were a fat.
So you got some?
I just have one question, Mr. Chairman.
The research doesn't matter when my time expires, Mr. Cohn.
Now, you've stated in the court that a hearing that Mr. Cohn was,
I believe, was an F-benaz agent and in contact with high F-benaz agent.
You say F-benaz agent?
Yes, no, I didn't.
Well, I haven't you referred to him as being in contact with my F-benaz agent.
Oh, I think in contact with him?
Yes, I have a first of that, not stand by that statement, not so much.
Yes, well, wouldn't that make him an F-benaz agent?
If I could use in contact with him?
Yes, my name is not.
Well, the implication is that it has been in contact with high F-benaz agents,
but he's not in contact with him about social matters,
and something like that.
Well, it's the question of going into the implication.
I would say that the contact will probably be enough not to have him working
and it's a good way to allow that, sorry.
But the weather is enough to say that he's just the afiolate in the F-benaz agent,
well, that's been dependent on some other evidence.
Well, I understand, but it's a pretty serious invitation if you make a statement
and say that he's in contact with high F-benaz agents.
I mean, the implication that comes from a mandatory theory is if he said that he had not
met such people socially and didn't know who they were,
but maybe he's a little naive, that's another kind of statement, wouldn't it?
Yes.
Well, my point is very simple.
If Mr. Coleman was of this type of character,
and I believe he was criticized Mr. Stevens, but the Army,
we're not acting promptly on his security matters,
in very situation that have been before the committee.
How can you be critical of Mr. Stevens when these 35 names were known to you
and not to the other members of the committee for months?
I don't understand that.
Well, very simple.
You know these 35 names that were contained in this northern FDI,
I'm going to say, you didn't know this number, two and a quarter, three and a quarter?
I knew about it, but I don't think that these 35 names in that memorandum are identical
to the name of the 35 people who are presented as what Mr. Coleman said.
All right.
You knew about this?
This is what Mr. Coleman said.
That's a serious one and that's a 35.
He was one of the 30s.
I was going to just talk about Coleman.
It's one other way to say it's probably just a serious one.
Well, this is what Mr. Coleman said.
You knew about Coleman in March 3, around that time yesterday.
And from March until September, nothing was done about him.
And getting him removed for far as the committee was concerned.
I wouldn't say that.
Well, as a matter of fact, you first learned about it in March 4, April.
All right?
Yes, it was in the spring.
Well, then if you knew about this man being in content with my empty energy,
why didn't you tell Mr. Steven to have just been in the Army?
I was trying to say it for two months.
The Attorney General was in charge of the overall charge of the FDI,
because I knew from this that the Attorney General and the FDI knew all about it already, number one.
Number two, I knew that they had given appropriate notice to the people in Mr. Steven's organization
who were charged with this responsibility not once but on a great number of occasions.
And that despite that ample evidence and warning, which I'm sure will far more persuasive coming from the FDI
than they would have been for me, there was no action taken over there in the arms.
I want to get some more.
Let's put one thing down right now.
Get Mr. Brown now.
No, I'll pop this in April.
No, Mr. Brown now.
No, no, no.
You said the Attorney General now.
So when I say the Attorney General, I don't expect Mr. Brown now as the Attorney General,
so Mr. Steven is the Secretary of the Army, so no, that's content.
So every five hour, that's him and I have anything like that in his office.
Well, when I refer to the Attorney General, so I mean the Office of the Attorney General.
When I refer to FDI, I mean the organization of which day I took over.
Director, I don't mean that the head of the organization knows the content of every file or every penny taken the effort.
Mr. Kong, you said it, that's the radar laboratory in Fort Monmouth.
It's one of the most important in the whole country, that it is a key to our security.
Again, a hydrogen atomic tank.
Here's a man, Mr. Coleman, in contact with high air sea nitrogen.
Is the benefit involved the very part of that?
I think some of the retired people said in ivory with him.
One man, one man, might be able to destroy this country.
Why didn't you go to Mr. Brown now?
Was that information?
Because I knew that the organization headed by Mr. Brown now,
which includes the FBI and Mr. Hoover, not only was aware of that information,
but has passed that information along to the Chiefs of the Army,
not once but on any occasion.
I'm Mr. General.
You know that it was turned over to Mr. Brown now.
Heads that we've also seriously responsible.
I could not see what advantage there would be in my going back to people
who had already turned over the information to the right place and say,
what was I saying, and they had already done the job.
Mr. Kong, if you can't get action from the people down below,
isn't it just a rule of common sense, you always go to the top-nance,
but they had an action on the thought of the top in the FBI and the gun.
No, no, no.
I want you to say, whether you know of your own knowledge,
that this information, that this man's home, and a high espionage agent,
that information just a minute, and that a high espionage.
All right, and agents are an individual in contact with high espionage agents in this country.
What if that information had been turned over to the boss of the overall organization,
the collect the information to the FBI and the organization that institutes Constitution?
Mr. Brown now.
I think it's a fair question.
Sure, surely, I'm not trying to give you a fair answer by me.
The far-as-I know, Mr. Brown now did not personally know about this particular case.
The far-as-I know, director of the law might not even have known personally about
or had in mind at that moment the particular case I did know there.
That the justice of often in the FBI had carried out their job by sending over the information
to the Chiefs of the Army so that their responsibility was passed an end.
And there would be, would have been no point in my communicating with them.
Mr. Cohn, I'm just trying to be fair to this new administration.
And I want to say to you that when you have such information, it seems obvious to me.
There's not a matter of law. You don't really have to be technical.
It's just common sense that you have such information that it seemed to me it should have drawn
directly to Mr. Brown now from you.
Now, this next question, what's that?
You say that they don't have to find out for me.
Mr. Brown now, and Mr. Hoover, or their respective organizations,
are the ones who have gotten the information and sent it over to the Army with the request.
All right, now wait a minute.
Let's send that down.
You said that Mr. Brown, Ellen, his organization sent it over.
When was this report sent to G2?
Mr. Hoover sent in 51.
They were other.
So how could, what a minute?
52, 53.
I still remember some of the 54.
How do you know that they sent other reports?
I told you yesterday, sir, that this same man who went to the senior McCarthy told him
this is 1951 report, it's about one in a long period, which has been sent over by the FBI
to the Army for action.
Well, then how can I, I gave the date, for some additional work?
Well, how can you say that Mr. Brown now sent them over to the Attorney General?
Obviously, he doesn't know, he can't know about every detail that there's something as his
alarming is it?
This is a matter of course, for the interests of really doing something out, let's go to the top line.
Now the allegations that have been made in this controversy relates to the fact that Mr.
Stevens had caught all coming in.
Now he'd only been in office two months and you knew about this information, wouldn't
he proper things to do and be just give this directly to Mr. Stevens?
He couldn't possibly know of all of the files in G2, literally thousands and thousands of them.
Then an action nobody has said here that Mr. Stevens didn't know or even should have known
at that point about this particular situation and we were not investigating Mr.
Stevens personal knowledge or lack of knowledge, but we were investigating what was well
a department of which Mr. Stevens was at that time ahead, has been or in a pair of some
continuing to the present.
They also take action on warning that has been sent over by the FBI.
I do not say and I am known in this room that Mr. Stevens was derelict and not having
knowledge.
We do say that people in Mr. Stevens' organization should have asked it while on the basis
of this information and we say there that people who have been Mr. Stevens had worked under
the photofaces of Mr. Stevens' life-wise should have taken action on this situation so
that they're so longing that any more, but how I can say it to you this way.
We get a lot of cases, we get information and a lot of communists, we process it as best
we can, we can only handle one investigation at a time, we do the job effectively as we
can whether we follow the right or wrong approach here, no one will ever know.
All I do know is that when we got into this investigation these people will fire before they
went that fire.
Mr. Cohn, what was more important at the time?
Did he try to prove that Mr. Stevens and his organization was negligent or did he go directly
with the information about these alleged communists and give them the names and put them
right on his box?
Then you'd have a record saying here we turned them over in April, you did nothing about it.
So we weren't trying to make a record.
And you can't do that.
And what did you say?
I'm a copy.
Thank you.
Mr. Cohn, I would love to have you with that here, welcome to my friend from the State
of Birmingham, the state of Birmingham, that we take this FBI document to take it over to
Brown Mill.
That's why after the people on his side of the aisle have been demanding over the past number
of days that the young men will give us the information to be indebted.
I just can't quite follow this going off and going full, one really wants to prove that
it's going to be an obvious and a question.
One day it's an attraction.
I just want to be recorded in show that I did not face that Mr. Corn can bring the document
over.
I said that the information that they had to be made available to them without saying
what they're going to do.
I am rather amused by my number of programs here.
So, I consider it as a new program, taking to Brown Mill, information that you knew came from
Brown Mill's office and went to Army Intelligence.
The information that you are there like in one way, they accuse you of being there like
in the next way.
So, I say that the young man who gave us the information about these formulas should be
indebted.
In fact, I believe it is suggested that I should be indebted.
And I am having received the information about stamina.
The simple facts of matter is that we do have all the information that had gone to the
proper authorities in the military.
There is no way we could order them to act upon them.
The only thing we could do is to develop the facts, bring them out publicly and force them
to act because of the pressure of public opinion.
That was done after we made the facts public some 35 individuals.
So, what the facts of the violating yesterday act was the subject of that fact.
That's about it.
And should we throw a power out to the HIST case?
In the HIST case, the form of the information was given by the Littaker Chamber as early
as 1939 or 1940 as we get with.
The FBI, according to the information was made public in new places, it was over additional
reports, time after time, finally when the sometime of the month, Vice President Nixon on a committee,
made the information public as you may recall, there was speculation of the other
they would indict Stettaker Chamber for having given the information about this time just by,
although it was about an hour ago, your HIST.
You recall that, from that time, even though the information was available to the state
department for years, Mr. HIST does not be limited or it's a common because of it,
but got the highest job, perhaps, with the state department at all frame,
under the federal property of the United Nations Conference, that's St. Francis Sutter.
And also, out of very important job in the state department, just before that he had to.
And the information was all the attention of Mr. Burley, the assistant secretary of state.
I believe there's not so many laws that he calls the defense of others,
it's only when a conventional committee forced the fact out to the American people to see them,
that they finally, undoubtedly, convicted Mr. HIST.
Some of the state's answers to that, sir, yes, and I can stay here and now I hope once and for all,
that's what the situation is.
Perhaps, Mr. Lowe said in the same, we have a very small step of young men downstairs who do this work.
We have maybe nine or ten against that, on the intelligence and people like that,
have, I believe, thousands of people working for them.
We get a lot of information, serious information about communists,
and great our laboratories and defense plans and the government spending office and other places.
We cannot develop every case at once.
We can only do one at a time.
They work out and they do it as well as they can.
We move along with as much speed as we can, and I think that, as far as the young men downstairs concerned,
the statistics of the number of communists say that, eliminated from the United States government and defense plan,
it's the best testimony of the House of Tessles, they have been.
It's very hard to define a method of operation and say, looking back,
at what point should take what step.
We try to do these things in order of importance and priority.
We just government spending office, family business investigation here.
There are about nine people downstairs.
They work hard, and I think they do a very, very effective job,
and I think they've gotten a lot of time in this out of government and defense plan,
and I think that should be the judgment of their efficiency.
I'm talking to you, my son is in attention and the color of that we've done that.
We have to get to the reach right now, and you may address the enemy.
We can't do this.
We can't do this all the time.